[A light is switched on, and a notebook is opened to a fresh page. There is light pencil scribbling, and lo-fi music in the background]
[Computer keyboard typing is layered over lo-fi music]
[Lo-fi music fades out, and the sound of a train chugging along the tracks fades in. The train whistle signals its arrival into the scene.]
[intercom chime of a public announcement, followed by a voice coming through speakers] Welcome aboard the Train of Thought, lay-ideas and gentle-musings.
It is our sincerest pleasure to have you traveling as Passing Thoughts with us today.
I do see we are prone to our more anxious passing thoughts as usual...
[exasperated tone] And I see you’ve all already made yourselves quite comfortable running laps around the train car.
[sound of feet running up and down the train] …Excellent. No matter! The time is 9:57am, and we are thankfully due to arrive at Rationalization Station shortly.
Please stand by for further announcements. [train slows, brakes screeching]
Attention all passing thoughts, we have arrived at Rationalization Station right on schedule.
It is asked that any Worries may de-board for processing here. Thank you. [train doors open]
[distorted, dream-like voices of Worried Thoughts as they de-board the train] We are so going to fail this essay...
...This thesis statement makes no sense...
[train doors shut, and train chugging picks up as the train leaves the station]
[announcer comes back over the PA system] Our next stop is Inclination Station.
Any Impulsive Thoughts wishing to be acted on are advised to be ready for departure within the next five minutes. Thank you.
[distorted, dream-like voices of Impulsive Thoughts on the train] What if we cut our hair?...
...Or dye it purple?!... Maybe we could drop out of school, to join the circus!
[announcer cuts in over the PA system] Uh, lay-ideas and gentle-musings, I'm afraid we may experience some delays in our arrival to Inclination Station. It appears we are entering a *brainstorm.*
[thunder crashes dramatically twice]
[announcer] It is advised that you kindly shut your windows and hang on tight. [Windows shut around the train]
[Rain fades out, and lo-fi music and furious keyboard clacking fades back in]
[pencil scribbling on paper, then a page turn, followed by more scribbling]
[The notebook is shut, and the light is switched off]